Whenever we build an image or pull it from DockerHub
	by default, docker uses the latest tag
		that is latest tag is just a label, there is nothing special about it.
		It doesn't necessarily mean this is the latest version of our image.
		
	If we don't tag our images properly, latest can point to the loder image.
		The latest totally is fine for development,
			but we shouldn't use this in production. We don't want to put an image with the latest tag 
			in our production or staging server, because if something goes wrong , we cannot easily 
			troubleshoot issues, because we deon't know what version we are really running in production.
			
How can we tag an image
	1. Way
		to tag an image while building
		
			#what tag shuold be use? 
			1.some teams like code names, 
				version call buster and everyone know, what buster version all about
			2.Other teams prefer semntic versioning like 3.1.5. This approach is common amongst teams that 
				don't realease that often
			3.Build numbers
				76
				Often it is done avtomatically by a continuous intergration and deployment tool.
			
			
				docker build -t react-app:1 .
					docker images
					
					We have 2x tags
						1
						latest
							the same image with multiple tags
							the same image with multiple tags
								look at the imageId, both these images have the same identifier
								
								Our image can have multiple tags
								
	
	2. Way 
		to tag an image after building
		
		#repository or id
			docker image tag react-app:latest react-app:1
			docker images
	
	
#remove tag 
docker image remove react-app:1
docker images


#the latest tag can get out of order
README.md add some changes
	docker build -t react-app:2 .
	docker images
	
		we have  two versions of this image
			2
			1
			latest			> is pointing to 1, the same id's
			
			What we need to take away
				the latest tag dosen't  necessarily reference the latest image,
					we have to explicitly apply the latest image.
					
			docker image tag b06 react-app:latest
			docker images
				2		b06...
				latest	b06...
				1
					
			
